#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alembic==1.13.1
    # via flask-migrate
apispec[marshmallow]==6.4.0
    # via flask-smorest
blinker==1.7.0
    # via flask
click==8.1.7
    # via flask
flask==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-smorest
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
flask-cors==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-jwt-extended==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-marshmallow==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-migrate==4.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-smorest==0.42.3
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
importlib-metadata==7.0.1
    # via flask
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via flask
mako==1.3.2
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.20.2
    # via
    #   apispec
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-smorest
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   webargs
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   apispec
    #   gunicorn
    #   marshmallow
    #   webargs
passlib==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via flask-jwt-extended
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy==2.0.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-serializer
sqlalchemy-serializer==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   sqlalchemy
webargs==8.4.0
    # via flask-smorest
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   flask-smorest
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
